8 days ago Portugal regularly used a 4-4-2 formation in qualifying where the gay dash plays just behind Ronaldo or alongside him we will just have to wait and see Portugal have played in more World Cup with Cristiano Ronaldo than without this their fourth with their talisman it's their seventh World Cup in all Gianlu Carrocchi from Italy is in charge to Italian assistance right using Sato from Japan is the fourth official and back in Moscow there is the line up of VR officials led by Massamiliano in acting from Italy David DeHair was an ever-present in qualifying many of this Spanish team we know would have started no matter who the coach is Sergio Puskatz is arguably Spain's most important player on Drazeny S. to score the extra time winner when Spain beat the Netherlands in the 2010 World Cup final Sergio Ramos Catins Spain new coach Fernando Iro was Ramos his hero when he was growing up Diego Costa leads the attack four of this starting an event started the World Cup final in South Africa eight years ago Fernando Santos Portugal qualified for this World Cup on his 63rd birthday last October by beating Switzerland and a better he never thought he'd be sitting there Fernando Iro the former Spanish international and rail Madrid defender promoted from his post of sporting director to head coach a huge role as this match gets underway Spain and Portugal who have both lost their opening match in the last two World Cup stages set here in Soti for what could be a World Cup classic to remember for many years it is a humid night despite the late kickoff time it's nine o'clock in the evening here at local time to Iberian neighbours Cristiano Ronaldo facing four of his rail Madrid teammates Portugal in the old red Spain tonight in their change colors of white with the red trim one bite David Silva it's away by Jose Font looking for the run up front of Guedesch Ronaldo little double step over to start with the race Pepe here's William Guedeta Guedeta little ball in failed looking for Fernando S. Guedesch shot was blocked but maybe Portugal can get a shot in here good opening from the 2016 European Champions 1179% of their competitive matches under Fernando Santos just two defeats in 29 that's for Spain the start of a new era and Fernando Eero they were unbeaten and as you learn Lopategui and I wonder what he's feeling now the deposed national team coach he was unveiled as Real Madrid's new coach yesterday Ronaldo is that a penalty it is inside the opening three minutes Cristiano Ronaldo fell in the penalty area and Portugal have the opportunity to take the lead the challenge coming in from that show Ronaldo since it's rolling and straight away the Italian official pointed to the spot Cristiano Ronaldo has scored seven penalties for Portugal but he scored only three goals in his previous 13 World Cup finals appearances he's the only Portuguese player to score at three different World Cups can he be the only Portuguese player to score at four different World Cups Cristiano Ronaldo against David Deja it's one nail Portugal and was there ever any doubt what's the start for Portugal to here goes one way Ronaldo goes the other it's his 82nd goal for Portugal on his 150 first appearance it just had to be him could not have dreamt of a better beginning to their opening group B fixture it's a nightmare start for Fernando Eero and Spain they didn't feel by pk Ramos yodia Albert Spanish fans all a little quiet there are large numbers of supporters of both these countries here in The one 밀нутsalchie turned his buy in the Latino Ronaldo for a kick Portugal challenge by bus gets Cristiano Ronaldo is the first player in history score at eight successive major tournaments. He just keeps creating records and he's only 33 years old and given his physical condition you really wouldn't better against him being in Qatar in four years time provided Portugal qualified to appear at a fifth World Cup finals World Cup Finals. Ramosh. Sergio Ramosh you ended yesterday's media conference. Which was full of questions about the managerial and coaching situation with Spain by saying cheer up. We're not at a funeral. Let's get this World Cup started. And with that he stood up and prompted the march down in the room. He did say it with a smile on his face. It has to be said. But they'll be no smiles in the Spain camp at the moment. Ronaldo clearly failed. You can see the referee's position and absolutely unimpeded view. And Ronaldo does what he does best. It's a dead end. Pintodantly talking of him playing at a fifth World Cup finals in four years time. No player has actually scored at five different World Cup finals.
 for Nando Earo's pedigree, former Spanish international Rao Madrid defender, 29 goals in 89 appearances for Spain played at three well-cut finals. There was nobody better placed really than the sporting director of the Spanish football association. The Spanish football Federation to give it its correct title. It's got a lot of the Spanish football Federation to give it its correct title. It's got. Looking for Diego Costa. Here's any Esther. Spain really haven't had a strong spell of possession so far. Here's Nacho. He's been both. He canЕ hold a bit. Here's the Yeste. the back.cast 2 on that kept faster and the panel tear it open to get on the end of Matt the shot comes in from silver. see David Silver here in a little bit of space. The fourth highest goal score of the Spain scarring that one. His international debut way back in 2006 David Silver. He was an unused substitute in the 2010 World Cup Final victory. Playback by P.K. Rouss. David Havich has joined us. Portugal in front. Cristiano Ronaldo with an early penalty after he was fouled in the penalty area. Buskets. He was in fact Portugal's quickest World Cup goal since 1966. When they reached the semi-finals with the great UCB Owen Company only to be beaten in the last four by the eventual champions England. Ronaldo's little flick on. Great Ash was trying to get on the end of it. He was in the last four by the Alba. Here's Ramos. Quoting forward by Esco. No free kick. You can hear the reaction from the Spanish Alba took a tumble. Rupetro show made one appearance at the last World Cup before being injured. Fortunes goalkeeper. Incidentally one of four sporting players in the Portuguese squad who have this week's serve notice on their club that they wish to terminate their contract because of calendar last two or three times in a Time later so it has a very clear after a rather unsavory incident at the club's training ground and that Matteo will now go to Kreence William. Mason Martins in Bruno Fernandez are the the ball is he brings it out from defense. Alba. We're going to take on Pepe. It's gone. That's a corner. Spain's first corner of the match. And they've taken it short. Plenty of bodies forward in white for Spain. No way through for any ester. No way through for any ester. Costa is the target. He's a little bit of debatures to whether it will be the first corner of the match. He's a little bit of debatures to whether it will be the first corner of the match. It's a little bit of debatures to whether it would be Sergio Costa playing up front or maybe Rodrigo. Other strike cap. Diego Costa is one the day. He has Rafael Guerrero. Ronaldo. Jose Font. That's not played a great deal of football in the past year. The Portuguese center half font is. No, we have Chinese club Del Silva. That's what they've got. Busgets. Taniaista Diego Costa can this targets in the middle trust was too date though easily gathered by Rue Patricia Fernando he ever is like a boxer tricks on the edge of the technical areas constantly moving up and down urging his players the newly installed Spanish national coach work wipeout Matino saidric his Matino again this is Rafael Guerrero Guerrero he actually seem to go straight ahead not just about little bit of press Africa from Costa went the slack miskig from the goalл keep up good edge just beaten to it by cocaine is pickcić why the scope Herboss it's go anything Slowly making strides forward the ball play for to him. Pick up on this next side by Nashio. Away by Ronaldo and Portugal might be able to break away here. It's Gonzalo. Great Ash and Ronaldo making the run on this next side. Great Ash. And then he's going to be able to pick up this last second. He's going to have to go all the way on his own. The pass was Woche of fraction of a second there. 2 in Aldo. But the Portuguese cat in how to check his run for fear of going offside. And see. Great Ash. Just having a little look to his left. And then rather run up a kick without him. Congratulations. Pick up. Congratulations. Congratulations. Congratulations. Congratulations. The students?! The students?! The students?! and as Matino challenge for it then it was grade S. who was caught Sergio Postgates is the first player to be cautioned then tonight and Spain have some defending to do another team in
 position this for Portugal and you know who wants that as well. It's the familiar setup. Will he go for goal? Will he drive it in hoping to get a touch from a teammate? Everyone knows what's coming. The Portugal do have somebody else out there just in case the freaky comes in a different direction. It is for an hour though. It's straight into the wall. It's a little bit of a kick. Put the power behind this to Portuguese players though in the wall committing the foul. Here's Nacho. He's not sure. PK. They're up PK who will retire from international football for Spain after this world cup. One of the six players in this squad who were involved in 2010 when Spain lifted the trophy. Silver. Ramos. Football by EDS. Silver. Silver's little touch. Costa isn't going to get on the end of that one. Not had a great deal of service so far tonight. Did he go Costa? No. Now those had up. This is William. PAPAC. Well, be the last major tournament that we see at PAPAC and Joe's. They fought together in the heart of the Portuguese defense. Now 35 years of age. A little touch for Drum Coke. Costa. Held up by PAPAC. It's going to let that ball roll for a Spanish throw. Ramos. Top show of EDS. He's in the Ester again. And he's in the Ester. He's in the Ester Bai, There's a package for plastic bag, and the shot has deflected wide from Davyn Selbert. Sproom when their second corner. and Arno Silva and Portugar away at three against two here at the bulk of him playing correctly. Ronaldo infield and Spain just able to get back. Gway dash unable to apply the finishing touch. To a center lighting break away move. Spain really struggling to get back in numbers. That it'll touch infield from Ronaldo. Spain were back. That's twice now that Portugar have broke away. From deep inside their own half. The first half. Prudging the midway point of the first half. Portugar in front and they have never lost a world cup match when they have scored the opening goal. 12 wins out of 13. The other ending all square. Looking to expunge better memories from four years ago. When they lost four nil to Germany in their opening match. Top back from Bernardo Silva. Finds Guerrero. Ronaldo's in the middle. Long ball forward looking for Diego Costa up against Pepe. Pepe gets the head up and goes down. Play continues. It's Diego Costa. Can he get a shot away? Costa scores. And while Spain celebrate. Portugar are extremely upset about the manner of that goal. They felt there was a clear foul there on Pepe. They're going to be a good match. There you can see the Portugar's defender down on the ground. But what brilliant skill. Veer is checking for a potential foul by Diego Costa. That check has been completed. And the goal stands. There's the incident. Pepe goes down. Look how many defenders are back here for Portugar. Diego Costa all on his own. And able to fire at pass through a patrisio. Portugal won. Spain won. And this match which promised so much is that the moment most certainly delivering. Who was it? It was saying a few minutes ago that Diego Costa hadn't had much service. Yeah, I'll admit that. It is still swelteringly hot here in such a such a humid night. But an enstruggling. Engrossing. Group B fixture. Broco and around the other two teams in this group. Esco. And the goal is going to be the final. Alba is in the end. Alba is continuing his run forward. It's off the other side of the bar. Diego Costa can be bundled in really patrisio with the side. Now the flag is up on this near side. And that may well have been for off side. Esco is asking for Veer. It's a very good view of his shot. But goal line technology would have alerted the referee to the fact that the ball across the line. That was from his go. Spain stung by that early Portuguese penalty. Right back in it. The momentum of this match at the moment certainly with the team in white. Alba. Ramos. Something hard trying. Thanks.了吧 sila. Diego Closte. Bullrunf shifts. one fairly when you can see that Bruno Fernandez is going to be far cautioned well he thought it was a fair challenge and initially it didn't appear as though the assistants on this near side had raised his flag only every cent sacrifice the dash. it's shown yellow. Don't ever run out of these jumps a<|pl|>, everyone.
 the ball. Silver and Croquet standing behind this for a kick for Spain. Everybody back for Portugal. Silver. The ball is on top corner. We'll be the target. You will presume. Ramos waiting in the penalty at the moment. He's just in an off-site position. The ball is on top of the ball. The national weights. Silver straight into the wall. Clarence not too far though. Coke. Easily awake by font. Great. 2-high-four Ronaldo. Taken down by Silver. Guerrero made the run on the over lap. Here he is. The full back. Ronaldo. Here's William. For anandace. The ball. It's been a busy evening so far. It's at the Italian official. As you can see here. The ball. The hole of the ball did not cross the line. The ball was on top of the ball. The ball was on top of the ball. Here's Costa. Square of the Spanish equalizer. This is font. Here goes Costa's equalizer after 24 minutes. It's a world cup. A little fresher than the rest. Didn't play for six months at the end of last year. You remember after his dispute with his former club Chelsea in England. Moving back to his former club Athletico Madrid. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a game. He must start this away. He'll try and keep that in and does so. It's a way by setric. Anyesta. потер turn. Self penal he's going for him with Sym yeah. It was for him for a massive hit in the Vanguard. Half to the end of this hit. well it was for him from Barcelona at the end of last season off to past just new in Japan with Fissel Kobay in the J. League. Final on bus gets. Bus gets. The match. Silver. Ramos. Niesta. Ficture by William. Ronaldo set off on a runner head of him but wasn't spotted by the player. The player was out. The player was out. But Ronaldo silver took the throw quickly and Cristiano Rayanaldo was away. Actually the throw was awarded by the referee. The other way. See here the ball goes out of play. It's a very quickly by Silver but erroneously. Naturally. He's got. Here's Nacho. Patient build up from Spain. Okay trying to find a way through onto the end of his own pass. One back by Silver. P.K. Been a good period of play for Spain. Since they're equalised up. He's got. He's got. He's got. Silver loses out. Ramos. Koke. He has Nacho. Ramos. He's got. Lovely interplay from Spain. The little pull back. Anyasta. Problems mounting for Fernando Sanchez and Portugal. The man who scored the most important goal in Spanish football and he's got a little touch on the way through as well. Well three of Fernando Eiro. The new coaches. International against Portugal. And it as draws. He was a player. We have just under 10 minutes plus Toppish time to go in the first half here. Portugal won. Spain won. We have just under 10 minutes plus Toppish time to go in the first half here. Portugal won. Spain won. Portugal won. Spain won. Anyasta. Esco. Can't get a shot away this time. Great Ash. The little back here was a little blind. México pushed by and a shot. He drewima ready for the shot with the ball at the ball, that was shot arqu Level 141 with Flacha. Best injuries because no training just made up of makeoun. especially. same fate in Russia as it had last year at the Confederations Cup when he broke his foot the Portuguese left back Silver. John Moutinho. Good arrow. To have having to initially backtrack quickly. The Santos League is in charge of grace at the last World Cup in Brazil, he reached the round of 16 words that grace but lost on penalties to Costa Rica. Ramos. It's go. Macho.
 the ball. Crossupastron PK. Oh superbly captain by Albert. Any Esther. Costa. Any Esther but it'll ball with the outside of a boot. Anet results in a corner. Albert was the target put behind by Pepe. The ball is just behind. Costa in the penalty area. Ramoss is there as well. PK is forward for Spain. So it's a score. Two high for Ramoss. Looks gets almost got to it. He is good at it. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz Guerrero. Renaldo. Ronaldo Silva. Bruno Fernandez. Possibly the longest player possession of Portugal. I've enjoyed for a few while minutes. Fantz. Touch on the way through. Portuguese throw. He's got two balls in play at the moment. He's one of them going to have to be kicked off the pitch. He did wonder who will be the happier of these two teams. If it stays this way at half time. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. A green show. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. Fantz. and he's got 10 goals for Spain Escoan is 29 appearances now for his country and then it was Carlo Anciotti's first signing when he took over at Real Madrid back in 2013 and he asked that. He's Albert. Oh, not the best of clearance is away. It has to be said, but in his defense there were Spanish strikers looming behind Garado. It's a fourth corner then, fourth Spain. Towards Pique, gathered by Rui Petricio and a quick throw as well. Here's Cristiano Ronaldo. Portugal looking to break it again. The knock-been successful on the two previous occasions and Spain now have men back in numbers. William. Silver. Sedric drives it across Ronaldo the target. What could bouncing ball? William may get that. The heighted fanty, Jove. And the days in he has to very much coming into play that. Great-esh. Onside Ronaldo wasn't initially. Ronaldo with the shot-off. It's gone in. Onera from David to Hayat and Cristiano Ronaldo gets Portugal second goal of the night. His second goal of the night and very much against the run of play. Portugal, a back in front. He's the ball forward. Great-esh. He will take it down. And Ronaldo shot should have been comfortable for David to Hayat. What's it, Erat? One that will haunt David to Hayat for years to come. Because just before half time, Cristiano Ronaldo has turned this group match back in Portugal's play button. He's the first one to come. He's the second one to come. He's the second one to come. He's the second one to come. It has been fantastic for silver. Ramos. Albert looking to take on sadrick. Spying get another corner. This may well be the last passage of play in the first half. Almost at the additional one minute stage. He's the first one to come. He's the first one to come. He's the first one to come. It's been a fantastic first 45 minutes. At the break, it is Portugal 2. Spain 1. There in the Spanish girl. Diego Costa.
 with the goal for Spanish side. Christiana Renela who has a hat trip has a real habit of scoring hatrics. If he were to score again tonight it would be his 51st career hatric which is simply remarkable isn't it? What more can you say about one of the world's greatest ever players? Let's face it. The debate has to wear that Leonardo Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo is the better. Is it a little irrelevant? Let's just enjoy the fact that we have to supreme world talents, gracing the world stage at the same time. It would also be the 51st world cup finals hatric if he were to score again. Spain determined to find a way back into this match and they certainly had very productive spells in the first half. He decided if the goal from Diego Costa. Spain and White if you have just joined us Portugal in the all red. Esco Silva. He looked off side and eventually the flag was raised. Coming into this world cup Portugal at Los just one of the last 18 matches. That was to the Netherlands. We weren't here in Russia this summer in a friendly in March otherwise 12 wins and five draws. That's for Spain. Unbeaten under their former coach. Did you learn Lopper Tegu? No. Spain throw it which we take a bite. Natural on that far side. Sergio Ramos. Esco. Okay. Okay. Who won the Europa League in Europe last year with his club athletic armoured red. Set up a European super cup final against that let it go Madrid. Of course won the Champions League. Three weeks ago and Kiev. Ronaldo. Holds it up. But not a silver. Finds William. Who if you can work it wide to that left hand side is Guerrero. Red Ash was the target. Not found any Esther. The last two. And in the shot is worldwide. Esco. 43,866. The attendance here in Sachi tonight. The last two. Let's be able to shoot pulling there and indeed there was on no push gets. Silver trying to get away from William. Costa. Old good bounce for Sedrick just got there ahead of Esco. Ronaldo beating the air by Ramos. William. He can. Buscats. Costa at the moment. The only man in the middle for a Time stroke to insert coverinished today. He transferred cough spots in the middle for years and sometimes the first fun. But Morty Coaster at the moment the only man in the middle for Goodnight. Till the end of the good he's got eel Silva. We'll work at Lie. the match. Matcho. Support from Coke. Here he is. Silva. Matcho. Coke. It's almost as if the three of them are having a private match by themselves. Portugal just holding firm keeping their shape. Ramos. Silva. Silva. Therefore our career at material Troud hold through. Looking for Caster. Almost drop there for NES still. Not quite the same tempo at the beginning of this,ела. pulse. Remus. Thomas little touch back. Away through Phloenierster tidied up by Sedrick. Pep Av. the first time. Ramos. Buskets finds this go. Nacho is in a little bit of space on that far side. Here he is. It's go. Couldn't find still that. Nothing to drop of the shoulder that. Spying pick up again any yesterday. And then as any yesterday. Fowl. Right under the nose of the referee. Elm by team Paul See who was one of t opportunities at inflation five minutes In a short ungo Keep to make the Ninth once he can see everything on the ball. This is too far out for a shot on goal. Silver on the right. It is behind the ball. Okay. Standing in front of it. Silver with a little chip. Back across gold turned it. Diego Costa strikes again. A simple free kick move from Spain. And for the second time tonight in the last shot in the corner. The ball is checking for a potential foul in the build up to this goal. The check has been completed. And the goal stands. Costa on the end of it. Close range wasn't going to the ball. The Spanish nation rejoices. Two goals from Ronaldo. Boats right out by Diego Costa. And that in all honesty was the first goal. The goal is going to be the second half. Eight goals in his last eight starts for Spain. No wonder they are delighted.
 나왔 East 2-8° crash crash to the top. I'll tell you he'll be the most relieved man inside the stadium here in Sotchik with that equalizer and that'll be David DeHaye, the Spanish goalkeeper is error. Now in the great big scheme of things doesn't really matter because it is back to a piece. P.K. Silva. P.K. An answer is touch. Cut out by Penado Silva. He's going out for Spain. Ronaldo barely bothering really to try and win the ball back for his team. He's his goal. Steps away from Penado Silva. Alba. Esco. Alba. Silva. He's going to take a break from Spain. Now in my drop for the shot here. Oh, what a shot that is. Mechio. Mmeau gave away the penalty. Early on in this match has. schlead himself in style. They didn't look to be a way through here for Spain. But the trio of Spanish players somehow worked it through. It's set up really nicely for the full back. Look at Nachos eyes. Contrauding. Fully. It's a lovely strike. It's a very good ending in off the post. Wow. Spain 3. Portugal 2 now. Just look at his face. We have still. To reach the Almarque. This has the potential to beat. I came to be remembered for years to come. Now Ronaldo wants a yellow card for the challenge on him. There are some officials who may well have been tempted to book the Portuguese Captain phase. As he went down that. Portugal behind for the first time this evening. Half cleared. This is Bruno Fernandes. Straight out of play. He's a good player. He's a good player. He's actually an inspiration. He's had diabetes since he was a child and was told age 12 that he should give up football. He's a second opinion. He always carries his insulin with him and his proof that diabetes is not necessarily a barrier to reaching the very top levels of international sport. He's a good player. He's a good player. He's a good player. He's a good player. He's a good player. He's a good player. He's a good player. He's a good player. He picked up by Ronaldo. Driven into the middle towards Guadaz. This is the first corner that Portugal have had in this match. I'm confident the same against agility players. Over. one there opening match just twice in their last 12 well cups three draws and seven defeats. One of those defeats came in 2010 when they lost. They're opening match to Switzerland by one goal to nail. And they then began the first team to win the well cup despite losing their opening fixture of the tournament. These two teams were definitely the favorites to make it through from group B. Morocco and Iran. The other two nations in the group. It is Iran next for Spain. Morocco next for Portugal. First change of the 90s about to happen down below. Shell Mario is about to come on for Portugal. Silver steps away from the challenge that of Bruno Fernandez. Iniesta. Alba. Worked out wide to Nacho. Taking by Rudy Patricia. Just. Might well be Bruno Fernandez who is going to come off. I have no inside knowledge other than the fact that the referee's board is already showing the fourth official's board rather is already showing the number 16 and 10 on it. Trust me if it was a suits set. I'll be winning the lottery every week. Chase back for font. Cost a pursuing him. Pepe. The players cross field ball. away by pk. will Tinho. Is that correct?



